So there's an exercise here,
we have this repeated structure of items.
This is a supposed migraine log.
Migraine sufferers use applications
to track their migraines.
And there's an intensity meter on each
of those items that allows people to set
the intensity of their
migraines if they want.
So the third item doesn't have
an intensity at all, the others do.
And this was output by some kind of
templating system, which also sets
a custom property for the intensity so
that we can use it in our CSS.
So what we want to do is we want to
change the main color of each migraine
to be more red for
more intense migraines and more yellow for
less intense migraines and
to be grey or actually blue,
let's say blue,
something completely unrelated.
For migraines I don't have an intensity
at all so that it's not confusing.